Página 45 

A-comple the conversation then pratice with a partner.

Julia: " do " you " live " in an apartment?
Ethan: No, i " don't " i " live " in a house.
Julia: " does " it " had " a yard?
Ethan: yes, it " does " 
Julia that sounds nice " do " you " live " alone?
Ethan: no i " don't " i " live " with my family.
Julia: " do " you " have " any brothers or sisters?
Ethan: yes i " do " i " have " four sisters.
Julia: ReallY? " does " your house " have " many bedrooms?
Ethan: yes it " does " it " does" four.
Julia: " do " you " have " your own bedroom?
Ethan: yes, i " do " i'm really luck.

Página 138

A: "does" your family "live" in an apartment?
B: no we "don't" we "have" a house.
A: that's nice "does" your house "have" two floors?
B: yes i "do" it "have" four rooms on the first floor. and we "has" three bedroom
A:and "do" you and your family "have" a yard?
B:yes we do. and how about you, tim? "does" you "live" in a house, too?
A:no i "don't" my wife and i "have" a small apartment in the city
B:oh "do" you "like" the city?
A:yes i "do" but my wife "doesn't".

Perguntas
- have yard -have sister -in house -bedroom

davi - have garage and dining room enter connect

paulo - bedroom, garage, kitchen, laudry

Página 47

there is a table in the kitchen 
is there a table in the kitchen?
there are chairs in the kitchen
are there chairs in the kitchen?

is there a tv in the bedroom?
are there some books in the living room?

A- 
1. there's no dresser in the bedroom.
2. there isn't a chairs in the kitchen
3. tehre's a lamp in the living room.
4. there isn't a refrigerator
5. there's a rugs on the floor
6. there's no curtains on the windows
7. there's no armchair in the bedroom
8. there's a books in the boockcase

Página 121
A; there are four chairs in Tony's kitchen, but there chairs in Nicole kitchen.
B; there is a sofa in Tony living room, but there is no sofa in Nicole living room

C;there is no carpet in Tony bathroom, but there is a carpet in Nicole
D;there are pictures in Nicole bedroom, but there aren't no pictures in Tony bedroom
E:there is a tv in Tony living room, but there is a casebook in Nicole livingroom

Página 138
1. there's a living room 
2. there's no a dining room
3. there's no a microwave in the kitchen
4. there's a table in the kitchen
5. there's a curtains on the windows
6. there's no a rugs on the floor?
7. there's a closet in the bedroom
8. there's no a bookcase in the bedroom


